Student: DUDE!
DID YOU HEAR ABOUT JADEN?!
Second student: YEAH,
HE CAN'T DUEL ANYMORE!
FOR REAL?!
OUTTA THE WAY!
AAH!
TAKE A HIKE, DORKS.
All: CHAZZ!
I SAID BEAT IT!
BOO!
IT'S NOT TRUE,
RIGHT?
'CAUSE MY LAB PARTNER'S
SISTER'S THIRD COUSIN
SAID THAT JADEN
CAN'T DUEL!
PLEASE TELL ME
IT'S JUST
ANOTHER RUMOR.
WHEN THEY SAID THAT
YOU HIT PUBERTY,
THAT WAS A RUMOR,
BUT THIS ONE'S TRUE,
'CAUSE ACCORDING
TO JADEN,
HE CAN'T SEE
ANY OF HIS CARDS.
Chazz: HE CLAIMS
THEY'RE ALL BLANK!
THEY LOOK FINE
TO ME.
WHAT'S THE DEAL?
Fontaine: THE CARDS
AREN'T THE PROBLEM.
IT'S JADEN.
DURING HIS LAST DUEL,
SOMETHING MUST'VE
HAPPENED TO HIM.
ARE YOU MESSIN'
WITH US?
HA HA.
NOT THIS TIME.
OH, WELL.
WHAT ARE YA GONNA DO?
WHERE YA GOIN'?
I JUST NEED
TO CHILL BY MYSELF, SY.
POOR GUY.
I'VE NEVER SEEN JADEN
LIKE THIS.
POOR LAD'S DEVASTATED.
OH, WELL. TOO BAD, SO SAD.
TIME TO MOVE ON.
THEN AGAIN,
I CAN'T HELP BUT FEEL BADLY.
PERHAPS I SHOULD GO
TALK TO HIM.
NO, NO, NO!
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO ME?!
COULD I BE TURNING
INTO A GOOD GUY?!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH! YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Ojama Yellow:
OH, THE HORROR!
THE HORROR!
JADEN CAN'T TALK TO
HIS CARDS ANYMORE!
WHAT IF THAT
WAS YOU, BOSS?!
I CAN'T GO THERE.
IT'S TOO--AAH!
I HATE TO DAMPEN
THE CHEERY MOOD,
BUT WE'VE GOT A PROBLEM--
THIS DORM.
WITH JADEN OUT,
THEY MIGHT TEAR IT DOWN.
Syrus: HE'S
RIGHT, GUYS.
WE'RE DOOMED.
OUR HEADQUARTERS?
GONE?
MM-MM-MM.
WE MAY BE ONE MAN DOWN,
BUT WE'RE 5 MEN STRONG!
WELL, 4 MEN
AND A LOVELY LADY.
ALL RIGHT, 3 MEN,
A LADY, AND SYRUS!
THE POINT IS
WE GOTTA FIGHT!
HERE HERE, CHAZZ!
I'M IN!
I'LL STAND BY AND CHEER!
HOW 'BOUT A GROUP
"YEE-HAH!"
All: YEE-HAAAH!
HMM.
CROWLER!
IF YOU TRY ANYTHING,
YOU'LL CRASH INTO
A WALL OF BROTHERHOOD!
YEAH,
BROTHERHOOD!
AND SISTERHOOD, TOO!
ALL FOR ONE,
RIGHT, GUYS?
AND ONE FOR ALL!
DOES ANYONE ELSE
HEAR SINGING?
OR IS IT ME?
♪ EVERYBODY ROCK NOW ♪
♪ CHILLIN' OUT ON MY BOAT
WITH A GUITAR ♪
YEAH! HEY, SISSY!
ATTICUS?
NO WAY!
NICE SONG!
HOLD ON!
WHO'S HE CALLIN'
A SISSY?!
ME.
HE'S MY BROTHER.
I KNEW THAT.
SO, WHAT BRINGS YOU
TO THIS SIDE OF CAMPUS?
COME ON. YOU KNOW.
CROWLER'S PLAN?
REMEMBER?
YOU'RE JOKING.
Crowler:
HE SOUNDS PRETTY
SERIOUS TO ME!
CHANCELLOR CROWLER?
NICE DAY FOR SNORKELING,
ISN'T IT?
BY THE WAY, ALEXIS...
HAVE YOU COME TO
YOUR SENSES YET OR NOT?
MY SENSES?!
I'M NOT THE ONE
IN THE WETSUIT
WITH A BOAT STRAPPED
TO MY BACK!
SIS, CAN'T YA JUST
GIVE HIS IDEA A CHANCE?
AAH!
PLEASE?
WHAT IDEA?
I ALREADY TOLD
YOU GUYS, DIDN'T I?
CROWLER WANTS ATTICUS
AND I TO BECOME
A POP-SINGING DUO.
WHAT'S SO BAD
ABOUT THAT?
I GET FREE PUBLICITY,
YOU GET A FREE DRESS...
HUH?
IT'S A WIN-WIN
SITUATION!
[CHUCKLING]
YEAH!
A LITTLE HELP HERE!
YEAH, CHAZZ.
YOU KNOW SHE
CAN'T CARRY A TUNE!
OH!
UHH!
YOU GOTTA KNOW
WHEN TO HOLD 'EM, SOLDIER.
I WAS TRYING
TO HELP!
GIRLS--
SO COMPLEX.
WAIT! I KNOW!
HUH?
MEET LEX-I-LICIOUS!
YOUR GLAMMED-OUT
ALTER EGO!
YOU JUST
DON'T GET IT!
FINE. GO CAS.
JUST GIVE IT UP.
I'M STAYING.
MAN, YOU'RE AS STUBBORN
AS EVER, SIS.
COME ON, CHAZZY...
TALK SOME SENSE INTO HER.
ME?!
YEAH. TELL HER
HOW WE'D TAKE
THE POP CHARTS
BY STORM
AND HOW WE'D
SELL OUT ARENAS
AROUND THE WORLD!
AND HOW I'D BE
YOUR GROUPIE?
COME ON, CHAZZ!
TELL 'IM WE'VE GOT
MORE IMPORTANT
THINGS TO DO!
TELL HIM
ABOUT OUR DORM!
HOW WE'RE ALL
GONNA PROTECT IT!
I WAS GETTING THERE.
Atticus: COME ON, CHAZZ!
DON'T LISTEN TO HER!
TELL HIM, CHAZZ!
TELL HER!
TELL HIM!
I CAN'T TAKE IT!
DON'T MAKE ME CHOOSE
BETWEEN YOU!
THE PRESSURE'S
JUST TOO MUCH.
WHAT DID I DO
TO DESERVE THIS?!
UHH!
CONFLICTED
ALLEGIANCE.
SO MUCH FOR
"BROTHERHOOD."
LOOKS LIKE WE HAVE TO SETTLE
THIS THE OLD SCHOOL WAY.
YA KNOW, LIKE WE DID
WHEN WE WERE KIDS.
YOU AND I HAVE TO DUEL, SIS!
YOU WIN...I'LL SING.
BUT IF I WIN...
YOU'LL DROP
THIS WHOLE THING!
YOU'RE ON.
Crowler: ATTENTION!
TODAY'S DUEL SHALL PROVE
THAT OUR SCHOOL
IS NOT ONLY HOME OF THE WORLD'S
FUTURE DUELING STARS...
IT'S ALSO THE PLACE WHERE
POP MUSIC LEGENDS ARE MADE!
DON'T SEE THEM?
NOPE. HE NEVER
MISSES A DUEL.
SOMETHING'S WRONG.
Crowler: LADIES AND GENTS!
IT'S SHOWTIME!
MONSIEUR, OUT OF ALL
YOUR RIDICULOUS IDEAS,
THIS ONE TAKES
THE PASTRY!
WHAT'S NEXT?!
DUEL ACADEMY
ON BROADWAY?!
WELL, AS YOU KIDS
LIKE TO SAY...
TIME TO RAISE THE ROOF
OFF THIS JOINT!
SO, GIVE IT UP
FOR OUR FIRST STAR...
ATTICUS RHODES!
[CHEERING]
OOH! AHH!
[GIGGLING]
I GOTTA SAY...
THAT FELLA KNOWS HOW
TO MAKE AN ENTRANCE.
I DEDICATE THIS DUEL
TO THE LADIES IN THE HOUSE!
All: ATTICUS!
NOW, WHO LOVES YA, GIRLS?!
YOU DO!
YOU, ATTICUS!
[CHANTING "ATTICUS!"]
HE'S LIKE A ONE-MAN
BOY BAND!
SOUNDS LONELY.
I DOUBT IT.
NOW FOR HIS OPPONENT
AND SISTER...
ALEXIS RHODES!
IF DUEL ACADEMY WAS A GOOSE,
SHE'D BE THE GOLDEN EGG!
UHH...
"L" TO THE "E"
TO THE "X"
TO THE "I!"
LEXI RULES,
AND THAT'S NO LIE!
BEFORE YOU KNOW IT,
WE'LL HAVE A PLATINUM ALBUM,
BE IN EVERY TEEN MAGAZINE,
AND HAVE OUR OWN
REALITY SHOW!
SLOW DOWN, HOTSHOT.
YOU HAVE TO
WIN THIS FIRST.
I NAMED OUR BAND.
WE'RE CALLED
"BRO-BRO AND SISSY."
HUH?
SO WHICH ONE IS HE?
GOOD QUESTION.
HA HA.
Together: GAME ON!
ALL RIGHT, SISSY!
BRO-BRO FIRST!
AND I PLAY...
PANTHER WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE!
[GROWLING]
NEXT UP, A SPELL CARD.
ONE THAT'S FIT
FOR A STAR!
IT'S CALLED SPOTLIGHT!
AND WITH MY PANTHER WARRIOR
CENTER STAGE,
IT GAINS 300
ATTACK POINTS!
NOW I'LL PLACE THIS FACEDOWN
AND HAND THE MIC TO YOU.
I'M SENSING
A THEME HERE,
AND TO BE HONEST,
IT'S BUGGIN' ME!
SO I'LL CHANGE
THE SCENERY
WITH MY RITUAL SANCTUARY
FIELD SPELL!
SHE PLAYED THAT FOR ME.
HA HA HA.
I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE GONNA ASK,
AND THE ANSWER IS--
"YES, ALEXIS! I DO!"
ALEXIS!
HEY, CHAZZ!
STOP YELLING MY NAME!
OH, LEXI!
GET USED TO IT!
'CAUSE THAT'S WHAT BEING
A POP IDOL IS ALL ABOUT!
EVERYONE WILL BE
SHOUTING YOUR NAME!
OF COURSE,
THEY'LL SHOUT IT
AFTER THEY'RE DONE
SHOUTING MY NAME!
YOU SEE, WE'RE GONNA
CONQUER THE WORLD,
AND WE'LL DO IT
ONE HIT SINGLE AT A TIME!
MAN. BRO-BRO'S
GOT SOME ISSUES.
YOU GOTTA LET GO
OF THE DREAM,
AND THIS MOVE
SHOULD HELP!
SO...
I'LL START
BY DISCARDING
A SPELL CARD
FROM MY HAND.
THEN I'LL PLAY
MY MACHINE ANGEL RITUAL!
ACCORDING TO
MY CALCULATIONS, GENTS,
SHE'S ABOUT TO PLAY
A CYBER ANGEL.
I REALLY HOPE
YOU HAVE A BACK-UP
CAREER IN MIND
'CAUSE THIS WHOLE
POP STAR THING...
IS OVER!
NOW...
GOOD-BYE, PRIMA...
AND HELLO, ANGEL!
CYBER ANGEL IDATEN
TO BE EXACT!
HA!
THAT WHOLE BIG PRODUCTION
JUST FOR HER?
TALK ABOUT
A LETDOWN, SIS.
THAT CARD'S ONLY GOT
1,600 ATTACK POINTS!
MY PANTHER'S WAY STRONGER!
WAIT, I GET
WHAT'S GOING ON.
YOU'RE TRYING TO LOSE!
GET OVER YOURSELF.
MY ANGEL'S GOT
A SPECIAL EFFECT!
WHEN SHE'S SUMMONED,
I CAN BRING BACK
A SPELL CARD
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
AND I CHOOSE...
MY RITUAL WEAPON CARD!
ANY IDEA WHY?!
'CAUSE NOW
MY CYBER ANGEL'S
ATTACK POINTS
INCREASE BY 1,500!
YOU'RE KIDDING ME!
HER STRENGTH
ALMOST DOUBLED!
NOW WATCH WHAT
SHE CAN DO WITH IT!
HA. NOW I REVEAL
MY FACEDOWN TRAP CARD--
CURSED RING!
HUH?
WHY DID SHE STOP?!
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO
SENT HER DOWN THE AISLE.
UNFORTUNATELY,
SHE'S WEARING CURSED RING!
SO SHE'S FALLEN
IN LOVE WITH HER ENEMY,
AND SHE'D NEVER ATTACK
HER NEW SOULMATE!
YOU MIGHT SAY SHE HAD
A CHANGE OF HEART!
YOU SEE, SIS,
SHE CAME TO HER SENSES.
EVEN YOUR OWN MONSTERS
KNOW IT'S BEST
FOR YOU TO LOSE!
AND SOON, THEY'RE ALL
GONNA REFUSE TO ATTACK ME.
NOT QUITE.
IT'S TRUE THAT
YOUR PANTHER'S SAFE
FROM HER ATTACK...
BUT YOU SURE AREN'T!
WHATTA YA MEAN?!
SHOW HIM!
MY POINTS!
NO!
THAT'S NOT FAIR!
HE'S TOO CUTE
TO LOSE!
RELAX, GIRLS!
THAT WAS JUST
A DRESS REHEARSAL!
ALL RIGHT, FOLKS...
SHOWTIME!
I'LL START
WITH THIS CARD!
STRAY LAMBS!
IT LETS ME SUMMON TWO
LAMB TOKENS IN DEFENSE MODE.
THEY'VE GOT
NO POINTS!
IT DON'T MATTER.
HE'S ONLY GONNA
SACRIFICE 'EM.
YA SEE, HE HAS TO GIVE UP
A FEW SOLDIERS
IN HIS FRONT LINE,
OR ELSE HE CAN'T ATTACK.
Atticus: IF PANTHER WARRIOR
WANTS TO SHINE
IN THE SPOTLIGHT,
HE'S GOTTA CUT DOWN
A FEW FRIENDS.
IT'S THE REALITY
OF SHOW BUSINESS, LEXI!
YOU WANNA GET AHEAD,
YOU GOTTA STEP
ON A FEW FRIENDS FIRST!
NOT EVERYONE HAS
WHAT IT TAKES TO MAKE IT!
IT'S A TOUGH BUSINESS!
TRUST ME.
ENOUGH WITH
THE SHOWBIZ ANALOGIES!
GET USED TO IT!
'CAUSE PRETTY SOON,
WE'RE GONNA BE
LIVIN' IT, SIS!
NOW WATCH THIS.
I ACTIVATE...
PATH TO DESTINY!
WHEN A BEAST-WARRIOR
IS EQUIPPED WITH THIS CARD,
IT'S ABLE TO ATTACK
THE OPPONENT DIRECTLY.
READY?!
I SACRIFICE
ONE LAMB TOKEN...
SO MY PANTHER WARRIOR
CAN ATTACK!
TIME FOR YOUR
SOLO PERFORMANCE!
PANTHER WARRIOR, ATTACK!
[GROWLING]
LEAVE SISSY ALONE!
HE MAY BE STRANGE,
BUT THE BOY SURE HAS
SOME STRONG TACTICS.
CORRECT.
AS A MATTER
OF FACT,
NOW THAT
ZANE'S GONE,
HE'S ARGUABLY
OUR TOP STUDENT.
HE IS?!
MY BROTHER
WAS REPLACED
BY SOME TWO-BIT
LOUNGE LIZARD!
YEAH! YEAH! YEAH!
HA HA HA!
GIMME A BREAK!
I PLACE THIS FACEDOWN.
TAKE IT AWAY, SIS!
HUH.
DON'T MIND IF I DO!
I PLAY...
POT OF GREED!
THIS SPELL CARD
ALLOWS ME
TO DRAW TWO NEW
CARDS FROM MY DECK!
NEXT, I'LL SUMMON
CYBER PETIT ANGEL
IN ATTACK MODE.
THEN I'LL PLAY
A CARD THAT SHOULD
LOOK FAMILIAR--
MACHINE ANGEL RITUAL--
WHICH LETS ME SUMMON
AN EVEN STRONGER ANGEL
TO THE FIELD!
SO HERE GOES!
I'LL TRADE IN
MY PETIT ANGEL
AND MY CYBER ANGEL
IN ORDER TO
SUMMON THIS!
CYBER ANGEL DAKINI!
HA!
NOW HER SPECIAL
ABILITY KICKS IN!
WHEN SHE TAKES
THE FIELD,
YOU'RE FORCED
TO DESTROY ONE OF
YOUR OWN MONSTERS.
SO, WHICH ONE'S
IT GONNA BE?
COME ON!
WHO DO YA THINK?!
THAT A GIRL!
WITHOUT THAT LAMB,
HIS PANTHER CAN'T ATTACK!
NOW, DAKINI, DESTROY
HIS PANTHER WARRIOR!
UHH!
SORRY, SIS!
YOU JUST TRIGGERED
MY MIRACLE MOMENT TRAP CARD!
UHH...
OH, WELL.
WHEN MY PANTHER
GETS DESTROYED
WHILE EQUIPPED
WITH PATH TO DESTINY...
I CAN PLAY...THIS!
GO, BRONZE WARRIOR!
THAT'S WEIRD!
ONLY 500
ATTACK POINTS?
DON'T UNDERESTIMATE
THIS GUY, SOLDIER!
MY POOR LEXI.
YOU'RE EVEN MORE
PATHETIC THAN I AM!
NOW MY BRONZE WARRIOR'S
IN THE SPOTLIGHT,
AND HE'S GOT QUITE
A SHOW IN STORE!
READY?!
DRESS REHEARSAL'S OVER,
SISSY!
BUT IT'S COOL,
'CAUSE YOU'VE GOT
THE BEST SEATS IN THE HOUSE
FOR THE REAL PERFORMANCE!
THANKS TO BRONZE WARRIOR'S
SPECIAL EFFECT,
I CAN MOVE
INDOMITABLE FIGHTER LEI LEI
FROM MY DECK TO MY HAND
AND THEN SUMMON IT!
BUT WAIT!
BRONZE WARRIOR HAS
ANOTHER POWER AS WELL!
AS LONG AS HE KICKS IT
IN ATTACK MODE,
ALL OF MY BEAST-WARRIORS
GET AN EXTRA 400 POINTS!
[GASP]
CHECK IT OUT, GUYS!
HIS MONSTER IS EQUAL
TO HERS NOW!
ALL RIGHT, FOLKS!
ARE YOU PEOPLE READY
FOR A FIELD SPELL?!
Crowd: YEAH!
I SAID...
ARE YOU READY
FOR A FIELD SPELL?!
AAH!
THIS CONCERT STINKS!
I WANT A REFUND!
SPORTING THE ULTIMATE
STAGE COSTUME
GIVES MY WARRIOR
A 3,000-POINT BOOST!
NO WAY!
IT'S BEEN REAL,
BUT NOW IT'S TIME
FOR THE GRAND FINALE!
TAKE IT AWAY, LEI LEI!
IT'S A DRAW!
[GRUMBLING]
ENCORE TIME!
MY GLITZED-OUT WARRIOR
ATTACKS YOU DIRECTLY!
IT'S A REAL SHOW-STOPPER!
AAH!
NOOO! I CAN'T WATCH!
I TRIED TO BE A GOOD FAN,
BUT I FAILED YOU, LEXI!
[SOBBING]
I HATE TO INTERRUPT
YOUR DRAMATIC MOMENT...
BUT?
IT'S NOT OVER.
SAY WHA?!
[GRUNTING]
I'M LOST.
HIS OUTFIT'S
TOO BIG.
GUESS
HE OVERDRESSED.
Atticus: OH, YEAH.
THAT COSTUME DOESN'T WORK
FOR DIRECT ATTACKS.
OOPS. MY BAD.
All: AAH!
OW! WHAT'S
YOUR PROBLEM?!
SHE ONLY LOST 800!
YOU WERE RIGHT.
IT WAS HIS UNIFORM.
Hassleberry: I WOULDN'T
WANNA ATTACK DRESSED
LIKE THAT, EITHER.
Atticus: HA HA HA!
LAUGH IT UP, BRO,
'CAUSE I'M ABOUT
TA HAVE THE LAST LAUGH!
I PAY 800 LIFE POINTS TO
ACTIVATE THE SPELL CARD
FULFILLMENT
OF THE CONTRACT!
YOU WANTED A SHOW--
WELL, YOU GOT ONE!
'CAUSE NOW I CAN PICK
A MONSTER FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND SUMMON IT BACK
TO THE FIELD!
NOW, IDATEN!
TIME TO ACTIVATE
YOUR SPECIAL ABILITY,
SO I CAN BRING BACK
MY RITUAL SANCTUARY!
OH, COME ON!
AAH! OH!
THIS FIELD SPELL
LETS ME BRING ANOTHER
CARD BACK TO MY HAND--
MACHINE ANGEL RITUAL!
SO NOW I CAN
SACRIFICE IDATEN
IN ORDER TO PLAY
CYBER ANGEL BENTEN!
ALL RIGHT!
ATTACK BRONZE WARRIOR!
AAH!
HA!
UHH!
NOW IT'S TIME
FOR THE REAL FINALE!
[GASP]
'CAUSE MY BENTEN
HAS A LITTLE SPECIAL
ABILITY OF HER OWN!
THE DEFENSE POINTS
OF YOUR WARRIOR
COME RIGHT OUT
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
HOLD ON!
BUT HE HAD 1,800
DEFENSE POINTS!
SO THAT MEANS...
SHOW'S OVER!
HOW COULD YOU THROW
OUR CAREER AWAY?!
WE WOULDA BEEN HUGE.
All: WE STILL LOVE YOU!
SHE DID IT!
HEY! YOU'RE WAY BETTER
AS A SOLO ARTIST!
BUT MY RECORD DEAL!
THAT WAS A GREAT DUEL,
SISSY.
WELL, THANKS, BUT STOP
CALLING ME "SISSY."
FAIR ENOUGH.
ANYWAY, I DID ALL THIS
BECAUSE I THOUGHT
IT WAS BEST FOR YOU.
AFTER ALL,
YOU'RE MY LITTLE SIS,
AND I JUST WANT PEOPLE
TO LOVE YA.
AND THAT'S EXACTLY
WHERE I COME IN, GUYS!
I'LL LOVE HER
'TIL DEATH DO US PART!
MORE THAN MILLIONS OF
SCREAMING FANS EVER COULD!
I KNOW YOU'RE JUST
LOOKIN' OUT FOR ME,
BUT I BELONG HERE
WITH MY FRIENDS.
HA HA HA!
SPEAKING
OF YOUR FRIENDS...
YOU'RE ONE SHORT.
OH, YEAH. WHERE'S JADEN?
LONG STORY.
[THINKING]
IF I CAN'T DUEL,
WHAT'S THE POINT
OF STAYING HERE?
LATER, DUEL ACADEMY.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪